Update Image to include AmpImg & add srcset prop (#241)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-image/README.md

> # psammead-image &middot; (https://github.com/storybooks/press/blob/master/badges/storybook.svg)](https://bbc-news.github.io/psammead/?selectedKind=Image%20-%20Img) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-image.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-image) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 # psammead-image &middot; [![Storybook](https://github.com/storybooks/press/blob/master/badges/storybook.svg)](https://bbc-news.github.io/psammead/?selectedKind=Image%20-%20Img) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-image.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-image) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

![screenshot 2019-01-02 at 09 03 49](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11646957/50585657-fe2b8580-0e6d-11e9-9eb4-ee8117b85657.png)

This is displaying very weirdly at the moment, I'm surprised we missed it.

Reviewer 2: This is related to https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/issues/246

## Description

The `psammead-image` component has two images available. The default is a styled `img` element that uses Styled Components.

There is an alternative AMP Image which can be used. It is a React component returning an `amp-img` element.

## Usage

### Img

Importing the standard Image component, which renders an `<img />` tag.

```jsx

> import Image from '../components/Image';

Reviewer 3: I'd keep this as the named module, not the relative path - most people will be using this in the context of their own application, not Psammead.

const WrappingContainer = ({ alt, src, height, width }) => (
  <Img alt={alt} src={src} height={height} width={width} />
);
```

| Prop     | Type          | Required |
| :------- | :------------ | :------- |
| `alt`    | string        | Yes      |
| `height` | number/string | No       |
| `src`    | string        | Yes      |
| `srcset` | string        | No       |
| `width`  | number/string | Yes      |

The `height` prop is optional, since in some cases to preserve the image ratio we only want to specify the width and let the browser scale the image accordingly. However, in other cases the height might need to be specified.
The `srcset` prop is optional since some projects might not want to use the srcset attribute on images.

### AmpImg

If you're to use the `AmpImg` component, [please read the AMP documentation here](https://www.ampproject.org/docs/reference/components/amp-img) for further details.

> Importing an Amp Image component, which renders an `<amp-img />` tag.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Amp Image component renders an `<amp-img>` tag.

Example:
```

```jsx

> import { AmpImg } from '../components/Image';

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
import { AmpImg } from '@bbc/psammead-image';
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is what we want. We want `AmpImg` and `Img` to be the same version, this would create a circular dependancy

const WrappingContainer = ({ alt, src, height, width }) => (
  <AmpImg
    alt={alt}
    layout="responsive"
    src={src}
    height={height}
    width={width}
  />
);
```

| Prop          | Type          | Required |
| :------------ | :------------ | :------- |
| `alt`         | string        | Yes      |
| `attribution` | string        | Yes      |
| `height`      | number/string | Yes      |
| `layout`      | string        | Yes      |
| `src`         | string        | Yes      |

> | `srcset`      | string        | No       |

Reviewer 3: May need editing in light of https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/pull/245

I'd fine a `srcset` example useful.

Reviewer 2: Ive added a description with a link to mdn, is this enough?

| `width`       | number/string | Yes      |

> The `attribution` prop is available to pass in strings to include the image source.

Reviewer 3: What happens to this prop? Is it rendered?

Could you elaborate in the README?

## Description

The `psammead-image` component is a styled `img` element.
The `psammead-image` component has two images available. The default is a styled `img` element that uses Styled Components.

There is an alternative AMP Image which can be used. It is a React component returning an `amp-img` element.

## Installation

> ## Props

Reviewer: [This doesn't match the contributing guidelines](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md). We want to be consistent in README structure for ease of use/reliability for users, but also because it allows us to ensure that any anchored links to stuff like `<COMPONENT>/README.md#Props` will always work (it'll also make it easier to automate in a "Definition of Done" script).

> `npm install @bbc/psammead-headings`

Author: ```suggestion
`npm install @bbc/psammead-image`
```

There is an alternative AMP Image which can be used. It is a React component returning an `amp-img` element.

## Installation

## Props

| Argument  | Type          | Required | Default | Example                       |
|-----------|---------------|----------|---------|-------------------------------|
| alt       | String        | Yes      | N/A     | "A description of the image"  |
| height    | Number/String | No*      | None    | 400                           |
| src       | String        | Yes      | N/A     | "https://bbc.com/300/cat.jpg" |
| width     | Number/String | Yes      | N/A     | 600                           |

*The `height` prop is optional, since in some cases to preserve the image ratio we only want to specify the width and let the browser scale the image accordingly. However, in other cases the height might need to be specified.

## Usage

### Img

Importing the standard Image component, which renders an `<img />` tag.

```jsx
import Image from '@bbc/psammead-image';

const WrappingContainer = ({ alt, src, height, width }) => (
  <Img alt={alt} src={src} height={height} width={width} />
);
```

> | Prop          | Type          | Required | Example |

Reviewer: These two tables feel like they're heavily duplicating the Props section above. Can we have sub-sections under Props for `Canonical` & `Amp`?

Reviewer: Also, these tables could follow the "Argument, Type, Required, Default, Example" Prop table structure for consistency.
